README.md, before:

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-license]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/owiwi
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/owiwi
[docs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docsrs/owiwi/latest
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/owiwi/latest/owiwi/
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue
[mit-license]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/aklanti/owiwi/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]: https://github.com/aklanti/owiwi/actions/workflows/main.yaml



## Overview

Owiwi is a library for initializing tracing subscriber with OpenTelemetry


## Usage

To use `owiwi`, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`

```toml
[dependencies]
owiwi = "0.1"
tracing = "0.1"
```

Then initiate the subscriber using the `init()` method

```rust
use owiwi::Owiwi

fn main() {
  // Initialize the subscriber with an exporter that prints telemetry
  // (logs, metrics and traces) to the standard output.
  Owiwi::init("demo-service");
  tracing::info!("All good!");
}
```

You can also initialize the subscriber in asynchronous code.

```rust
use owiwi::Owiwi
use tracing::info;

async fn main() {
  // Initialize the subscriber with an exporter that prints telemetry
  // (logs, metrics and traces) to the standard output.
  Owiwi::init("demo-service");
  tracing::info!("All good!");
}
```

## Supported Rust Versions
`Owiwi` currently only support the latest stable version.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Owiwi by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Optionally derive bon::Builder on tracer provider options and owiwi type

README.md, after:

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-license]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/owiwi
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/owiwi
[docs-badge]: https://img.shields.io/docsrs/owiwi/latest
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/owiwi/latest/owiwi/
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue
[mit-license]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/aklanti/owiwi/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]: https://github.com/aklanti/owiwi/actions/workflows/main.yaml



## Overview

Owiwi is a library for initializing tracing subscriber with OpenTelemetry


## Usage

To use `owiwi`, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`

```toml
[dependencies]
owiwi = "0.2"
tracing = "0.1"
```

Then initiate the subscriber using the `init()` method

```rust
use owiwi::Owiwi

fn main() {
  // Initialize the subscriber with an exporter that prints telemetry
  // (logs, metrics and traces) to the standard output.
  Owiwi::init("demo-service");
  tracing::info!("All good!");
}
```

You can also initialize the subscriber in asynchronous code.

```rust
use owiwi::Owiwi
use tracing::info;

async fn main() {
  // Initialize the subscriber with an exporter that prints telemetry
  // (logs, metrics and traces) to the standard output.
  Owiwi::init("demo-service");
  tracing::info!("All good!");
}
```

The optional `bon` feature allows initializing the subscriber with non default exporter.

## Optional features
By default `owiwi` depends on `clap` and `serde`. There are optional features that enable 
- `bon` adds [`bon::Builder`](https://docs.rs/bon/latest/bon/derive.Builder.html) implementation for [`TracerProviderOptions`](https://docs.rs/owiwi/latest/owiwi/provider/struct.TracerProviderOptions.html) and [`Owiwi`](https://docs.rs/owiwi/latest/owiwi/struct.Owiwi.html)

## Supported Rust Versions
`Owiwi` currently only support the latest stable version.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Owiwi by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

### Acknowledgments
This project was inspired by this [blog](https://determinate.systems/blog/instrumenting-axum/) post.
